W welcome to the the first meeting of Real Reaction's development meetings for our our new television remote control. taking advantage of the the the latest developments in in technology and the the latest feelings in in consumer design and and demand. and we want to make this the the very best product th that's possible for everybody,. at a good price for the consumer and at a good price for the company. I'll just go round th the table,. Kendra with the designing the the the User Interface. and Kate with the the industrial design.. ev everybody is is free to say wh whatever they want,. everybody has a contribution to make. if if if anybody wants to briefly give their their background. in fact we will do that by by going round the table quickly
My name's Andrew. I'm a I'm the Market Research person for this for this meeting and this project for creating this new remote control. and yeah I'll be presenting information statistics on what people want to want to get from this new design,. what people want to like and from a fashion point of view and the practicality point of view.
And I'm the Us User Interface Designer and. I haven't had a whole lot of experience in this kind of thing before
I'm the Industrial Designer. and I'll just be I guess presenting about the the inter workings of our little remote control
I don't want to make this meeting too structured. because the the whole idea is that it's a you know a think tank. and we don't want to be constrained by kind of convention or slides on screens or or anything else. but briefly th th this is what we want to do. The the remote control needs to be original,. there has to be something about it that other remote controls don't have. and that goes along with being trendy, you know the I want it scenario. as as we all know, remote controls can be very user-unfriendly. And last but not least, or indeed first of all, it it must make the company money,. The the further work to be done is i the the functional design, what it what it must actually do,. the conceptual design, how we actually present that to the consumer. and th the the detailed design i is how we get that into production. now th the main design tool that we have available to us at the moment is is the white board. and let us very quickly do what i what it says in the in the in the prompt slide here,. In fact I suggest to avoid everybody untangling themselves from the the the wires, that we don't do that,. everybody knows what whiteboard is. so we'll we'll do a virtual drawing on the on on the whiteboard of of your your own favourite animal,. but le let's go round the table,
Probably a duck
I think homo sapien. and we need to keep in mind here that the we want to sell this for for twenty five Euro,. we want to make an overall profit for the the company of fifty million Euros. so we're we're looking at selling a lot of these ag across the the entire planet. and and we're looking at a gross profit of fifty percent. It needs to cost twelve Euros fifty to make. would anybody like like to to start by giving their sort of quick views of of current remote controls.
I think I find a lot of them really complicated to use with all the different buttons. and it's handiest when you have one that works both the DVD player or whatever and the TV as well. but that it's easy to if you can switch back and forth instead of having to press a bunch of different buttons. so I think it's is best when they're clearly labelled. and you can see which buttons you're supposed to use,
Or anybody else, strong feelings about remote controls?
I think it's important that you should be able to when you when you press the buttons it'll actually pick up the signals from kind of anywhere. and you shouldn't have to like contort yourself
Think a lot of the time, remotes that come with TV players and T_V_s and DV players, like they aren't. they're very boring,. making a a stylish remote control would be a very like. Easily put us one step ahead of the current competition. Something that looks looks doesn't look like remote control.
I mean do you think there's a risk if it doesn't look like remote control,. people won't see it as a remote control
I think something that's comfortable to hold. because sometimes you get the remote controls that are just those big, rectangular things. so something that's more comfortable. that fits in a person's hand better.
Remote is a piece of plastic with the big rubber buttons sticking out of it. whereas if you want. could all be flat. that instead of being raised out of the device you push into device you see, like a mouse button.
I mean the only thing is if if you're watching television in a in a a darkened room you need to be able to. fi find the button buttons easily.
But maybe they could be concave instead of sticking up to have them be kind of down
Must admit I don't think I've ever seen one with concave buttons,. I can't think of any re remote controls that I know of that actually light up at all. Andrew have you had any thoughts yet about how we might market something
We could have parallel marketing schemes. where you've got one where it appeals to people that want to have the new device that looks cool, is fashionable. it's it's like it's one that rather than ra I wan I want rather than a kind of a need relationship with the device,. I think it's this is gonna have to appeal to people that want device that can enhance their living room
They they just need to be very very dependable. because people sort of take them for granted. it needs to be very effective, very always dependable. but also if you make it too small kinda like you know how mobile phones are getting smaller and smaller, it's just gonna end up under a couch cushion somewhere and yeah.
Most I think most of the remote controls now are either just black or grey,. I was just thinking of what they're doing with mobile phones now. how you can get the different what are they called? Like the face-plates. I don't know if it would be feasible to do something with that,. so people can get different different things.
Again I don't think that's ever been done before,
But maybe thinking of that, it's considering the nature of the device, maybe a second thing like a second campaign to market new facials for your to your might go a bit astray. since it is the kind of thing where you generally get one
You could come up with like novelty ones,
I think we've got a good idea now. Needs to be wrapped up fairly quickly. we've got thirty minutes to start looking at the at the design in more detail. then we'll we will reconvene in in thirty minutes. and try to get some of these ideas more formalised.